We we will wait for Anna, a few minutes.
I think you can put anywhere you want, actually. It's not a directional mic, anyway.
So I will try to get my presentation running.
Can't help you with that.
Doesn't appear on the screen here. Welcome at at the kick off meeting of our latest project. w we will try to structure this meeting with an a with an agenda as presented here. after the opening we will tr get acquainted to each other. See what our roles are in this project. We have been provided with some technical tools to to communicate and to well, learn from each other's plans. w we will also try to to get acquainted to this tools. then we will come to the to the to the actual project plan. You all know I hope how it's about the new remote control we are going going to design. then we will discuss. and wh what what our new product should look lite like. basically this is about a a new remote control. When you design a new product you of you of course want it to be original. we want to be distinguished,. People want to when they look at the shelf want to think, well that's the product I I need. So it needs to be trendy. But then,, it also should work user friendly. the general outline of new project will be we first go through a functional design phase. You all get certain task in this in this phase. and then we will meet again. and discuss this functional design. And the same holds for the ph two phases after this, the conceptual design and after that a a more detailed design. in which the the final project should get its definite shape. but first we will do some tool training. and we have here a a a a white-board. I've read it from my from some colleague that it should work with some kind of toolbar. I didn't find out yet how it work,
Under documents in the shared folder.
I I I'm not fully updated about this shared folder.
I guess we'll have a shared folder with documents that we can share.
Now we will try out the white-board we have here.
Each of us is going.
I I'm not really sure how this works, but
Shall I start?
I think for us it's just like a normal whiteboard,. but they'll be recording what we write down.
Maybe maybe Anna, maybe you can start. Why don't you draw your favourite animal on on th on the white-board.
It's a dog.
It's a horse.
A blue and black zebra.
That's that's definitely a cat.
It's a shark,
Let's continue to to the real stuff. our project finance thing. when we are and when you are going to design we must keep in mind that the selling price of the product will be about twenty five Euros,. more interesting for our company of course, profit aim, about fifty million Euro. to get at a international market. also important for you all is the the product production cost must be maximal twelve twelve Euro and fifty cents.
They have to sell at least four million to make a profit
I think when we are working on the international market, in principle it has enough customers. And now just let have some discussion about what is a good remote control. and well keep in mind this this first point, it has to be original,. it has to be trendy,. it has to be user friendly. maybe someone can mention some additional prerequisites for a good remote control.
Of course it should have a on off button.
I it should have the the the the expected functionality of a remote control.
We are targ targeting the television set. you need to record the channels. You need to browse the browse the channels in upward downward way,
And just before starting the detailed discussion, maybe we. are the marketing guy? Or. And you are in the use user interface design. And I I'm the the industrial designer
I'm Matthew. You know.
A and I'm Nanne. Are there some other very important things to to do well,. the browse function, as you mentioned.
And, you'd need the usual ones, like the changing the volume, changing the the channel. Today we have teletext and all those things. Tomorrow you might have a some more functions. For example personal video recorder and all those stuffs are coming up.
But we can't really design for something that hasn't been invented yet.
Y you two should should, I think, think this over espec what, what functionality.
And first before designing the func. thinking about the functionalities, we need to know what are the user requirements.
But Ninety percent of the time, ninety nine percent of the time, people will be using the main functions, the volume, the different channels,. we can have all the fancy things as well. but the main controls need to be very obvious and very easy to use.
Keep keep in mind i it's a it's a twenty five Euro unit,. so the the very fancy stuff we can leave that out, I think. twenty five Euro you expect a quite, well normal but good functioning user friendly remote control.
So we need some numbering buttons, some teletext things
The main is browsing. Yeah.
But but but ab about the spec the buttons, the buttons that will be on it. I I think we can discuss that in the in the next meeting. I would like to get this wrapped up. you know now the basic the basic things. just just for the next meeting,. well,, you wor yes, work on a design,. I mean so we will be still fle flexible with maybe adding some functions. you will be working on on technical function design, so. And you and you and well, think about requirements,. Does it need internet,. or or do do we stay at. basic basic television interface. and you will be informed via email and other kind of communication. next meeting will be in in thirty minutes.